RHDHBUGS-3514: Update Nexus Repository Manager Documentation (#2506)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/shared/proc-enable-the-nexus-repository-manager-plugin.adoc

= Enable the Nexus Repository Manager plugin

> 

Reviewer: @jmagak looks like the .Prerequisites section is missing.

Should we list admin access to the config files and a Nexus Repository Manager instance as prereqs?

[role="_abstract"]

> To view build artifact details on entity pages, enable the Nexus Repository Manager plugin and configure its frontend mount point to render the artifact cards.

Reviewer: How about this?

```suggestion
Enable the Nexus Repository Manager plugin and configure its frontend mount point to view build artifact details on entity pages in {product-short}.
```

.Procedure

> * Add the following configuration to your `dynamic-plugins.yaml` file to enable the plugin and mount its frontend component:

Reviewer: Maybe something like this?

```suggestion
* Add the following configuration to your `dynamic-plugins.yaml` file. This configuration mounts the Nexus Repository Manager artifact view on the *Image Registry* tab of the entity page and displays it only for entities with Nexus Repository Manager annotations
```
